For the pillar camps here we can also bring in an image texture right within the properties window here.
So let's try that.
So I've selected one of the Pillar caps and I've got the material here and in the surface section below
the diffuse here I'm going to select this button in the color channel and that'll give me this menu
and I can choose image texture from the menu here.
Now I've got the Open button here or the pull down menu and I can just pull the menu down and go ahead
and choose that sandstone seamless.
And there we go.
That adds that to that material.
Now I can come over here to the textures panel and down here under mapping I can change the scale to
I don't know three maybe let's try that.
That looks OK.
Now one of the things I'm seeing here is repeating textures you can see that the textures here are exactly
the same.
There are a couple of ways to deal with this.
I mean we could make these the raw material.
Each one of these and then map it in individually and change up the scale and the rotation.
We could try changing up the rotation here by rotating around the Z but that just does that all at the
same time.
So that's not quite what we want.
One very quick option here is just to actually select kind of every other one of these and and rotate
them.
So here in the property panel I can maybe take this one the rotation and the Z zero.
And that will spin that around a bit and maybe this one over here or maybe this one.
I could take to 180 like that.
And then maybe this one over here I could take back to zero.
And this one over here maybe to zero.
So that's just a quick way to provide a little bit of differentiation between each of those objects.
Let's take a look at this back wall.
What are we going to do with this.
I thought it might be kind of fun to try and put some hieroglyphics on it.
I did find an image out on the Internet with hieroglyphics.
Let's go to the U-V editing view here and I'll go ahead and isolate that back wall.
And if I go to Edit mode you can see that it's just one big plane.
I'm going to go ahead and export this out go to Uvas an export U.V. layout and I'll export it as 2048
because that's going to be fairly prominent in our scene and in the images folder.
Go ahead and call this back wall.
UVA's.
And then in Ganpat go ahead and open that up.
There they are back wall Uvas.
So the first thing I'll do is open up that sandstone seamless that we have in our textures folder here
and that's going to need to go right on top of here.
Click new lair to anchor that and let's go ahead and scale it down.
I'll drag that layer down to.
So it's beneath the Uvas
and I'll duplicate the layer and move that over
now I'll open up those hieroglyphics and let's see how those work
I'll copy those and paste those into here as well.
Click.
New Layer.
Bring this down beneath the movies scale it down.
All right.
So I've got those in place.
I think I need to take the opacity down on both of these quite a bit.
And let's see if we can play with the blend mode here maybe let's try an overlay again.
No I don't like that.
Oh how about the dissolve.
That's not bad.
Let's try dissolve on both of these and then I'll bring the opacity down a little more and then what
I'll do is I'll use the erase tool at a fairly low opacity come in here and just erase some of this
for these.
All right.
Let's go and save this out and see how it works.
I'll go to a file export.
Put it in the textures folder.
We'll call this back wall color
and back in Blender.
Let's go ahead and hook it up to our material.
So shift a input texture coordinate shift a texture image texture and let's hook these up and go to
Open to find that texture choose the back wall and then we go so let's see how it looks in the scene
here.
Well that's not too bad.
Good or rendered viewport shading.
And now everything is very dark.
I think we're going to need to go through and adjust the color for each one of these maybe make them
a little bit brighter.
So what we can do is let's go over here to the compositing screen layout and I will for this viewport
right here I'll press the 08 key to go to the camera view and go to the materials nodes over here.
I'll swing this out and go over to the materials panel here as well.
And I'll take this to rendered viewport shading here so we can kind of see the rendered view as well
as the node editor.
First of all for this wall I'm going to spread these nodes out a bit and what I want to do is add a
node just after the image texture that allows me to adjust the color a bit.
So to do that I'm going to press shift a and go to color and I'll choose this.
RGV curves node.
And that's this no I can drop it right in between those two and it'll hook it up automatically.
And what this node will do is it allows you to adjust the curves for the red green and blue or all of
them combined.
And for me I think it's easiest to just work with them all combined and you can click in this view and
add a point on the curve and that point on the curve will allow you to drag it up or down.
And if you drag it up on this side it'll lighten up the color for that particular object.
And if you drag it down over on this side it'll make it darker.
So this is just an easy way to kind of adjust the brightness or the color of a texture song.
Bring this up here.
Lighten that up a bit.
Once again you can hear the fan in my computer kick in as it tries to render this out.
Let's try one of the pillars here.
So for this one it looks like the color texture is here.
So I think I could add a R.G. B curves node right in here.
Press shift a color.
RGV curves and drop that right in here.
And now I can add a point and pull it up here.
That should brighten those up just a bit.
Let's do that for the floor.
Here's our color Noad press shift day color R.G. B curves and drop it in and I'll try and brighten that
up a bit.
Maybe the ceiling as well.
And the beams.
So now for any one of these objects I have a lot more control over the color through this R.G. B curves
node Well we're coming along.
The textures are looking pretty good.
There are some things I think I wouldn't mind working a little more on like the cliff rock part of the
hole in the ceiling.
I think I need to do a little bit more with the back wall.
I don't really see the hieroglyphics too much and I may want to work on differentiating the colors of
the beams and the ceiling a bit but overall I think it's coming together.